[Music]
includes a little stylus here tucked
into the watchband if there's a theme to
this story we're going to be talking
about here it's maybe accessing your
entertainment on the go wirelessly while
you're moving around you just can't be
away from it at any time what's your
favorite movie Sprint had a heck of a
time getting its e assistant Sandy to
listen it's still a work in progress
after all check the
headlines check my
headlines
please this is television on your cell
phone again like you mentioned the frame
rate the uh the rate of video is a
little bit sluggish but the audio is
always right on well these are called
the Oakley thump sunglasses and not only
are they sunglasses but as you can see
they've got little earpieces in here
it's an MP3 player take a look now this
is a $600 player but it adds the ability
to show off and play video first time
we've seen one of these screens on a
portable device and boy the quality is
so much better than LCD it looks so good
now here's something that is an
organizer and so much more it's the
ebookman from Franklin you can read
ebooks right off the screen here and
it's a gorgeous display what these are
are wireless internet cameras the
picture on that phone right now is live
from my home in Northern California
watching my cats in the living room
follow me I am following you so if I
just pick up something like this and
hold it in front of the robot it looks
at this image EG and identifies
[Music]
it
what